README.md, before:

# Graph-Project
This project is a assignment for course ECCS2681 - DSA 2. The goal for this project is to write code that Stores graph information in bot ha adjacency matrix and adjacency list. This is a relatively simple project that will help me understand how to work with graphs in C++, and improve my skills with data structures and algorithms.

# Commit 1: 

## Implemented v 1.0.0 of the "Graph" class
The creation of the "Graph" class gives us 2 instantaneous variables and 3 functions.

 Instance Variables:
 - numVertices: Number of vertices in the graph
 - adjLists: A vector of lists that will store the adjacency list for each vertex
 
 Methods:
 - Graph(int vertices): Constructor that initializes the number of vertices and resizes the adjLists vector
 - addEdge(int src, int dest): Function to add an edge to the graph
 - printGraph(): Function to print the graph

# Commit 2:

## Implemented v 1.1.0 of the "Graph" class
This updated version of the "Graph" class adds one instantaneous variable and a function.

Instance Variable:
- verticeNames: A hash map that will store the name of each vertex

Methods:
- setNodeName(int node, string name): Function to set the name of a node

Commit message:

Creating the Graph in Main
The last part of this project is to implement the graph into our main.

To do so we begin by creating an object called "mainGraph", which serves as the data structure that will hold our weights, names, and edges / connections.

The next step was to add the edges using the class function we created, called "addEdge," our final step is to print to the console all the connective edges to the vertice locations

README.md, after:

# Graph-Project
This project is a assignment for course ECCS2681 - DSA 2. The goal for this project is to write code that Stores graph information in bot ha adjacency matrix and adjacency list. This is a relatively simple project that will help me understand how to work with graphs in C++, and improve my skills with data structures and algorithms.

# Commit 1: 

## Implemented v 1.0.0 of the "Graph" class
The creation of the "Graph" class gives us 2 instantaneous variables and 3 functions.

 Instance Variables:
 - numVertices: Number of vertices in the graph
 - adjLists: A vector of lists that will store the adjacency list for each vertex
 
 Functions:
 - Graph(int vertices): Constructor that initializes the number of vertices and resizes the adjLists vector
 - addEdge(int src, int dest): Function to add an edge to the graph
 - printGraph(): Function to print the graph

# Commit 2:

## Implemented v 1.1.0 of the "Graph" class
This updated version of the "Graph" class adds one instantaneous variable and a function.

Instance Variable:
- verticeNames: A hash map that will store the name of each vertex

Methods:
- setNodeName(int node, string name): Function to set the name of a node

# Commit 3:

## Creating the Graph in Main

The last part of this project is to implement the graph into our main.

To do so we begin by creating an object called "mainGraph", which serves as the data structure that will hold our weights, names, and edges / connections.

The next step was to add the edges using the class function we created, called "addEdge," our final step is to print to the console all the connective edges to the vertice locations
